There is one problem: 'AAA' clears the high nybble to 0. 
This means that adding '1' and '1' doesn't quite equal '2', the displayable digit. 
Instead, AL becomes binary 2, which in the IBM-850 character set is dark "smiley face" character. 
To make the contents of AL a displayable ASCII digit again, we have to add 30h to AL. 
This is easy to do: just add 0 to AL, which has a numeric value of 30h. 
So, adding 0 takes 02h back up to 32h, which is the numeric equivalent of the ASCII digit character 2. 
This is the reason for the "ADD AL, '0'" instruction that immediately follows 'AAA'. 
This sounds peculiar, but remember that '0' is the number 30h, not binary 0. 

There's a lot more to BCD math, much of it involves BCD operations across multiple columns. 
Example, when you want to perfrom multiple-column BCD math, you have to take carries into account, which involvees careful use of the Auxiliary Carry flag, AF. 
There are also the (instructions explain below for reference): 

	AAD intructions ( it converts two unpacked BCD digits in 'AH' and 'AL' into a single binary value in AL, preparing for a binary division of decimal numbers effectively transforming 'AL + (10 * AH) ' into 'AL', clearing 'AH')

	AAM intructions ( It adjusts the binary result in the 'AX' register after multiplying two unpacked Binary Coded Decimal (BCD) numbers, converting the 8-bit production into two base-10 BCD digits (quotient in 'AH', remainder in 'AL') It's used after 'MUL' on unpacked BCD values, effectively dividing 'AL' by 10, making it useful for base-10 arithmetic, with an undocumented feature allowing modification of the divisor for other bases)

	AAS instructions ( Its instruction adjusts the 'AL' register to hold a valid unpacked BCD (Binary Coded Decimal) digit after a binary subtraction of unpacked BCD values, typically following a 'SUB' instruction; it handles borrows by decrementing 'AH', setting 'CF' and 'AF' flags if needed, and clears the upper bits of 'AL' to zero, making results suitable for decimal arithmetic in 16-bit)

instructions for adjusting AL after BCD divides, multiplies, and subtracts, respectively. 
The same general idea applies: all the BCD adjustment instructions force the standard binary arithmetic instructions to come out right for valid BCD operands. 

