The 'STOSB' instruction is a facinating item, nut for sheer action packed into a single line of assembly code there's nothing than can touch the 'MOVS' instructions. 
Like 'STOS', 'MOVS' comes in three "sizes": for handling bytes (MOVSB), 16-bit words(MOVSW), and 32-bit double words (MOVSD). 
For working with ASCII character, MOVSB is the one to use. 
The giest of the "MOVSB" instruction is this: a block of memory data at the address stored in ESI is copied to the address stored in EDI. 
The number of bytes to be moved is placed in the ECX register. 
ECX counts down after each byte is copied, and the addresses in ESI and EDI are adjusted by one. 
For 'MOVSW', the ESI/EDI addresses are adjusted by two after each word is copied, and for 'MOVSD', they are adjusted by four after each double wod is copied. 
These adjustements are either increments or decements, depending on the state of DF. 
In all three cases, ECX is decremented by one each time a data item goes from the source address to the detination address. 
Remember that ECX is counting memory transfer operations, not address bytes. 
The DF register affects 'MOVSB' the same way it affects 'STOSB'.
'MOVSB' can operate either semiautomatically or automatically, just as with 'STOSB'.
If the 'REP' prefix is added to 'MOVSB'. 
Look at the precedure called "WrtLn" it copies a string to a given X,Y location. 


	cld 			; Clear DF for up-memory write 
	mov edi, VidBuff	; Load destination index with buffer address 
	dec eax 		; Adjust Y value down by 1 for address calculation 
	dec ebx 		; adjust X value down by 1 for address calculation 
	mov ah, COLS		; Move screen width to AH
	mul ah			; Do 8-bit multiply AL*AH to AX
	add edi, eax		; Add Y offset into Vidbuff to EDI
	add edi, ebx		; Add X offset into vidbuf to EDI 
	rep movsb		; Blast the string into the buffer 

The code for calculating the offset into 'VidBuff' from the X,Y values using 'MUL' is the same s that in Ruler. 
In the main program section of 'vidbuff1', some additional calculation is performed to display a string centered in the visiable buffer, rather than at some specific X,Y location: 

	mov esi, Message	; Load the address of the message to ESI 
	mov ecx, MSGLEN		; and its length to ECX
	mov ebx, COLS		; and the screen width to EBX
	sub ebx, ecx		; Calc diff of message length and screen width 
	shr ebx, 1		; Divide difference by 2 for X value 
	mov eax, 24		; Set message row to Line 24
	call WrtLn		; Display the centered message
