The 'Ruler' procedure uses 'MUL' as well, to calculate and X,Y position in the display buffer where 'STOSB' can begain placing the ruler characters. 
The algorithm for dtermining the offset in bytes into the buffer for any given X and Y values looks like this below: 
		
	offset = ((Y * width in characters of a screen line) + X)

Preety obviously, you have to move Y lines down in the screen buffer, and then move X bytes over from the left margin of the screen to reach you X,Y position. 
The calculation is done this way inside the 'Ruler' procedure: 

	mov edi, VidBuff		; Load video address to EDI 
	dec eax 			; Adjust Y value down by 1 for address calculation
	decc ebx 			; Adjust X value down by 1 for address calculation 
	mov ah, COL			; move screen width to AH 
	mul ah 				; Do 8-bit multiply AL*AH to AX
	add edi, eax			; Add Y offset into vidbuff to EDI 
	add edi, ebx			; Add X offset into vidbuf to EDI 

The two 'DEC' instructions take care of the fact that X,Y positions in this system are 1-based; tha is, the upper-left corner of the screen is position 1,1 rather than 0,0 as they are in some X,Y coordinates systems. 
Think of it this way: if you want to display a ruler begining in the very upper-left corner of the screen, you have to write the ruler characters starting at the very beginning of the buffer, at no offset at all. 
For calculation's sake, then, the X,Y values thus have to be 0-based. 
For an 8-bit multiply using 'MUL', one of the factoors in implicit: AL contains the Y value, and the caller passes 'Ruler' the Y value in EAX. 
We palce the screen width in AH, and then multiply AH times AL with 'MUL'.
The product replaces the values in both AH and AL, and is accessed as the value in AX. 
Adding the product and X value (passed to 'Ruler' in BL) to EDI gives you thr precise memory address where the ruler characters must be written.

'MUL' is not 'IMUL'  -- most of the time. 
'MUL' and 'IMUL' are sister oinstructions that both perform multiplication. 
'MUL' treats its operand values as unsigned, whereas 'IMUL' treats them signed. 
This differeence does not matter as long as both factors remain positive in a signed context. 
In practical terms for an 8-bit multiply, 'MUL' and 'IMUL' work identically on values of 127 or less. 
At 128 everything changes. 
Values above 127 are considered negative in an 8-bit signed context. 
'MUL' considers 128 to be .... 128. 
'IMUL' considers 128 to be -1. 
You could replace the 'MUL' instruction with 'IMUL' in Ruler, and the proc would work identically until you passed it a screen dimension greater than 127. 
Then, suddenly, 'IMUL' wouold calculate a product that is nominally negative... but only if you're treating the value as a signed value. 
A negative number treated as unsigned is a very large positive number, and a memory reference to the address represented by EDI plus that anomalous value will generate a segmentation fault. 
Try it, no harm done, its a good lesson. 
'IMUL' is for signed values. 
For memory address calculation, leave it alone and be sure to use 'MUL' instead. 

