'CLD' - Is instruction for CPU Clear Directing FLag, sets the direction flag (DF) in the 'FLAGS' register. READ BELOW

CLD, it constrols something critical in string instruction work, which is the direction in memory that the string operation takes. 

Most of the time that you'll be using 'STOSB', you'll want to run it "uphill" in memory -- that is, from a lower memory address to a higher memory address. 
In 'ClrVid', you put the address of the start of the video refresh buffer into addresses. 
Each time 'STOSB' fires a byte into memory, EDI is incremented to point to the 'next higher' byte in memory. 
This is the logical way to work it. 
'STOSB' can just as easily begin at a high address and move downward in memory. 
On each store into memory, EDI can be decremented by 1 instead. 
Which way that 'STOSB' fires  - uphill toward successively higher addreses, or downhill toward successively lower addreses -- is govenrend by one of the flags in the EFlag register. 
This is the "Direction flag", DF. 
DF's sole job in life is to control the direction of action taken by certain instructions that, like 'STOSB', can move in one of two directions in memory. 
Most of these are string instructions. 

The sense of DF is this: when DF is set (that is, when DF has the value 1), 'STOSB' and its fellow string instructions work downhill, from higher to lower address. 
When DF is cleared (that is, when it has the value 0), 'STOSB' and its siblings work uphill, from lower to higher addresses. 
This in turn is simply the direction in which the EDI register is adjusted: When DF is set, EDI is decremented during string instruction execution. 
When DF is cleared, EDI is incremented. 

The direction flag defaults to 0 (uphill) when the CPU is reset. 
It is generally changed in one of two ways: with the 'CLD' instruction or with the 'STD' instruction. 
'CLD' clears DF to 0, and 'STD' sets DF to 1. 
Because DF's default state is cleared to 0, and all of the string instructions in the 'vidbuff1' demo program work uphill in memory, it's not technically necessary to include a 'CLD' instruction in the 'ClrVid' procedure. 
However, other parts of a program can change DF, so it's always a good idea to place the appropriate 'CLD' or 'STD' right before a string instruction. 
People sometimes get confused and think that DF also governs whether ECX is incremented or decemented by the string instructions. 
Not so!
Nothing in a string instruction ever increments ECX. 
ECX holds a count value, not a memory address. 
you place a count in ECX and it counts down each time that a string instruction fire.
