The "MOV EAX, 42h" instruction in the "MOV CHART FILE" is a good example of using what is called immediate data, accessed through an addressing mode called immediate addressing. 
Immediate addressing gets its name from the fact that the item being addressed is data built right into the machine instruction itself.

Immediate data is always right inside the instruction being fetched and executed. 
Immediate data must be of an appropriate size for the operand. 
You can't move a 16-bit immediate value into an 8-bit register section such as AH or DL. 
NASM will not allow you to assemble an instruction like this: 

		mov cl, 067EFh


CL is an 8-bit register, and 067EFh is a 16-bit quantity. won't go 
Because its built right into a machine instruction, you might think that immediate data would be quick to access. 
This is true only to point: feching anything from memory takes mor time then feching

Also keep in mind that only the source operandmay be immediate data. 
The destination operand is the place where data goes, not where it comes from. 
Because immediate data consists of literal constants, trying to copy comething into immediate data.

NASM allows some interesting forms of immediate data. 
For example, the following is perfectly legal, if not necessarily as useful as it looks at first glance: 

		mov eadx, 'WXYZ'

THis is good instruction to load into your sandbox and execute in the debugger. 
Look at the contents of register EAX in the registers view: 

		0x5a95857

This may seem weird, but look close: the numeric equivalents of the uppercase ASCII characters W,X,Y, and Z have been loaded nose-to-tail into EAX. 
Each character equivalent is 8 bits in size so four of them fit snuggly into 32-bit register EAX. 
However... they are backwords. 

The concept of "endianness".
The x86 architecture is "little endian" meaning that the least significant byte in a multibyte sequence is stored at the lowest address. 
This applies to registers as well, and make sense once you understand how to refer to units of storage within a register. 


