Base + Index addressing is what you'll typically use to scan through a buffer in memory byte by byte, but what if you need to access a data item in a buffer or table where each data item is not a single byte, but a word or a double word? 
This requires slightly more powerful memory addressing mechinery. 
As a side note here, the word array is a general term for buffer or a table. 
Other writers may call a table an array, especially when the context of the discussion is a high-level language, but all three terms cook down to the same definition: a sequence of data items in memory, all of the same size and same interal definitioin. 
In the programs show so far, theres only been simple tables and buffers consisting of a sequence of one-byte values all in a row. 
The 'Digits' table in the hexdump1 program is such a table: 

	Digits: db "0123456789ABCDEF"

It's 16 single-byte ASCII characters in a row in memory. 
You can access the "C" character with 'Digits' this way, using Base + Displacement addressing: 

	mov ecx, 12
	mov edx, [Digits+ecx]

What if you have a tabkle containing 32-bit values?
Such a tabel is easy enough to define: 

	Sums: dd "15, 12, 6, 0, 21, 14, 4, 0, 0, 19"

The DD qualifier tells NASM that each item in the table 'Sums' is a 32-bit double word quantity. 
The literal constants plus a numeric value into each element of the table. 
The address of the first element (here, 15) in 'Sums' is just the address of the table as a whole, contained in the varibale 'Sums'. 

What is the address of the second element, 12? 
And how do you access it from assembly code?
Keep in mind that memory is addressed byte by byte, and not double word by double word. 
The second entry in the table is at an offset of four bytes into the table. 
If you tried to reference the second entry in the table using an address [Sums + 1], you would get one of the bytes inside the first table element's double word, which would not be useful. 

This is where the concept of 'scaling' comes in. 
An address may include a scale term, wheich is a multiplier and may be any of the literal constants 2, 4, or 8. 
THe product of the index and the scale terms is added to the displacement to give the effecgtive address. 
This is known as the Index * Scale + Displacement addressing scheme. 

Typically, the scale term is the size of the individual elements in the table. 
If your table consists of 2-byte word values, the scale would be 2. 
If your table consists of 4-byte double word values, the scale would be 4. 
If your table consists of 8-byte quad word values, the scale would be 8. 
