There are quite a few conditional jump instructions. 
Their number is increased by the fact that almost every conditional jump instruction has an alter ego: a jump when the specified condition is not set to 1. 

The 'JZ' instruction provieds a good example of jumping on a condition. 
'JZ' jumps to a new location in the code segment if the Zero flag (ZF) is set to 1. 
'JZ''s alter ego is 'JNZ' (Jump if Not Zero). 
'JNZ' jumps to a label if ZF is 0, and falls through if ZF is 1. 

This may be confusing at first, because 'JNZ' jumps when ZF is equal to 0. 
Keep in mind that the name of the instruction applies to the condition being tested and not necessarily the binary bit value of the flag. 
In the previous code example, 'JZ' jumped when the 'DEC' instruction decremented a counter to zero. 
The condition being tested is something connected with an earlier instrucion, not simply the state of ZF.

Think of it this way: a condition raises a flag. 
"Raising a flag" means setting to 1. 
When one of numerous instruction forces an operand to a value of zero, the Zero flag is raised. 
The logic of the instruction refers to the condition, not the flag. 

As an example, lets improve the littel loop shown earlier(Jeff words) by changing the loop logic to use 'JNZ': 

	mov word [RunningSum], 0	; Clear the running total 
	
	mov ecx, 17			; We're going to do this 17 times

WorkLoop: 
	add word [RunningSum], 3	; Add three to the running total

	dec ecx				; SUbtract 1 from the loop counter

	jnz WorkLoop			; If the counter is zero, we're done!

THe 'JZ' instruction has been replaced with a 'JNZ' instruction. 
That makes much more sense, since to close the loop we have to jump, and we only close the loop while the counter is greater than 0. 
The jump back to label 'WorkLoop' will happen only while the counter is greater than 0. 

Once the counter decrements to 0, the loop is considered finished. 
'JNZ' falls through, and the code that follows the loop executes. 
The point is that if you can position the program's next task immediately after the 'JNZ' instruction, you don't need to use the 'JMP' instruction at all. 
Instruction execution will just flow naturally into the next task that needs performing. 
The program will have a more natural and less convoluted top-to-bottom flow and will be easier to read and understand. 


