The real challenge in working with "printf()". is knowing how to pass it all the parameters that it needs to handle any particular string display. 
It can take as few parameters as one base string, or as many parameters as you need, including additional strings, characters values, and numeric vlues of various sorts. 
All parameters to C library functions are passed on the stack. 
This is done either directly, by pushing the parameter value itself on the stack, or indirectly, by reference, by pushing the 32-bit address of the parameter onto the stack. 
For 32-bit or 64-bit data values, we push the values themeselves onto the stack. 
For larger data items such as strings and arrays, we push a pointer to the items onto the stack. 

When multiple parameters are passed to "printf()", they all have to be pushed onto the stack, and in a vary particular order: from right to left, as they would appear if yuo were to call "printf()" from code written in C. 
The base string is considered the leftmost parameter and is always pushed onto the stack last. 
A simple example from C will help here: 

	printf('%d + %d = %d .. for large values of %d.' , 2, 2, 5, 2); 

The base string is enclosed in quotes and is the first paramter. 
After the string are several numeric paramters. 
There must be one numeric value for each of the '%d' formatting codes embedded in the base string. 
The order in which these items must go onto the stack starts from the right and reads toward the left: 2, 5, 2, 2, with the base string pushed last. 
In assembly, it's done this way: 
	
	push 2
	push 5
 	push 2
	push 2
	push mathmsg
	call printf
	add esp, 20

The identifier "mathmsg" is the base string, and its address is pushed last of all the parameters. 
Remember that we dont push the string itself onto the stack. 
We push the strings address, and the C library code will follow the address and fetch the strings data using its own machinery (It MATH!)
The 'Add' instruction at the end of the sequence represents what you'll hear described as "cleaning up the stack"
Each time we push something onto the stack with a "PUSH" instruction, the stack pinter ESP moves toward low memory by a number of bytes equal to the size of whatever was pushed. 
In our case here, all parameters are exactly four bytes in size. 
Five such paramters thus represt 20 bytes of change in ESP for the sake of making the call. 
After the call is done, ESP must be moved back to where it was before we started pushing paramters onto the stack. 
By adding 20 to the value in ESP, the stack pointer moves back up-memory by 20 bytes and will then be where it was before we began to set up the "printf()" call. 
If you for get to clean up the stack, or if you clean it up by the wrong number of bytes, your program will almost certainly throw a segmentation fault. 

Merging several text strings into the base string is done more or less the same way using the '%s' code instead of "%d": 

	push dugons 		; Rightmost arg is pushed first 
	push mammals 		; Next arg to the left 
	push setbase 		; base string is pushed last 
	call printf		; Make the printf() call 
	add esp, 12		; Stack cleanup: 3 pams x 4 bytes = 12

The strings reqiored for the "printf()" call are defined in the .data section of the program: 

	MammalMsg db 'Does the set of %s contain the set of %s?', 10,0
	Mammals db   'mammals', 0
	Mammals db   'dugongs', 0

You should be careful to ensure that all of your string parameters are properly terminated with a binary 0, which is the only way that glibc functions like 'puts()' and 'printf()' know where the string data ends. 
