Instead of outputting formatted data in a character stream, 'scanf()' takes a steam of character data from the keyboard and converts it to numeric data stored in a numeric valiable. 
'scanf()' works very well, and it understands a great many formats. 
The 'scanf()' function takes the characters typed by the user and converts them to the integer value that the characters represent. 
'scanf()' will take the two ASCII characters '4' and '2' entered successively and convert them to the base 10 numeric value 42 after user presses Enter. 
Alas does not work with 'scanf()'. 
if you want a prompt, you must display the prompt before calling 'scanf()' using 'printf()'. 
To keep the prompt and data entry on the same line, make sure you don't have an EOL character at the end of your prompt string. 
The 'scanf()' function automatically takes character input from standard input. 
There's no need to pass it the file handle 'stdin', as there is with 'fgets()'. 
There is a separate glibc function, 'fscanf()', to which you do have to pass a file handle but for integer data entry theres no hazard in using 'scanf()'. 

	Here's how to use the 'scanf()' routine: 

		1) Make sure that you have declared 'extern scanf' along with your other external declarations at the top of the '.text' section. 

		2) Declare a memory variable of the proper type to hold the numeric data read and converted by 'scanf()'. My examples here are for integer data, so you would create such a variable with either the 'DD' directive or the 'RESD' directive.  If you're going to keep several separate values, you'll need to declare one variable per value entered. 

		3) To call 'scanf()' for entry of a single value, first push the address of the memory variable that will hold the value. 

		4) Push the address of the format string specifying what format that data will arrive in. For integer values, this is typically the string '%d'. 

		5) Call 'scanf()'

		6) Clean up the stack. 

The code for typicall 'scanf()' call would look like this: 

		push InVal	; Push the address of the integer buffer 
		push Iformat	; Push the address of the integer format string
		call scanf	; Call scanf to enter numeric data
		add esp, 8	; stack cleanup: 2 parms x 4 bytes = 8

The "charsin.asm" program shows how to set up prompts alongside a data entry field for accepting both string data and numeric data from the user through the keyboard. 
After accepting the data, the program displays what was entered, using 'printf()'
One shortcoming of the demo program as is that it has no validation for entry of numbers. 
If the user enters ASCII digits expressing a numeric value too large to be contained in a 32-bit integer, or some mixture of characters that doesn't cood down to a numeric value, the value returned to the program by 'scanf()' will be a garbage value with no nescessary relation to what the user entered. 
