Invoke "GDB" by running the program 'gdb'. 
Once started, GDB reads commands from the terminal until you tell it to exit. 

You can als run GBD with a command arguments and options, to specify more of your debugging environment at the outset. 


The command-line options described here are desgined to cover a cariety of situations; in some environments, some of these options may effectively be unavailable. 

	The most usual way to start GDB is with one argument, specifying an executable program: 

			gbd <program>

	You can also start with both an executable program and a core file specified: 

			gdb <program core>

	You can, instead, specify a process ID as a second argument or use option -p, if you want to debug a running process: 

			gdb program 1234

			gdb -p 1234

	would attach GDB to process 1234. 
	with option -p you can omit the program filename. 

Taking advantage of the second command-line argument reuires a fairly complete operating system (DO NOT DO IT ON WINDOWS LOL USE LINUX AT THAT A STABLE VERISON.); when you use GDB as a romote debugger attached to a bare board, there may not be any notion of "process", and there is often no way to get a core dump. 
GDB will warn you if it is unable to attach or to read cor dumps. 

	You can optionally have gdb pass any arguments after the executable file to the inferior using --args or --no-escape-args. 
	These options stop option processing

		gdb --args gcc -02 -c foo.c 

	This will cause gdb to debug gcc, and to set gcc's command-line arguments to -02 -c foo.c (<filename>). 
	For the difference between --args and --no-escape-args, see page 15 of the manual I posted a link (my guy its long AF)

	You can run gdb without printing the front material, which describes GDB's non-warranty, by specifying --silent (or -q/--quite): 

			gdb --silent

	You can futher control how GDB starts up by using command-line options. 
	GDB itself can remind you of the options available. 

		Type: 
			gdb -help 

	to display all available options and briefly describe their use 

	All options and command line arguments you give are processed in sequential order. 
	The order makes a difference whern the '-x' options is used.


